"To live is to think." - Marcus Tullius Cicero
“Power tends to corrupt and absolute power corrupts absolutely. Great men are almost always bad men, even when they exercise influence and not authority; still more when you superadd the tendency of the certainty of corruption by authority.” - Lord Anton
"The difference between the novice and the master is that the master has failed more times than the novice has tried." -Korosensei (Anime: Assassination Classroom; Author: Yusei Matsui)
"...it is the greatest achievement of a teacher to enable his students to surpass him." Kemény János György
"The next generation will always surpass the previous one. It's one of the never ending." - Kakashi Hatake (Anime: Naruto; Author: Masashi Kishimoto)
“It’s human nature not to realize the true value of something unless they lose it.” – Orochimaru (Anime: Naruto)
"Wake up to reality! Nothing ever goes as planned in this world. The longer you live, the more you realize that in this reality only pain, suffering and futility exist." - Madara Uchiha (Anime: Naruto; Author: Masashi Kishimoto)
"Neque porro quisquam est qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit..." <!--"There is no one who loves pain itself, who seeks after it and wants to have it, simply because it is pain..."-->
"জীবনে কি হইতে চাই? মানুষ হইতে চাই। বেশি উপরে উঠতে চাইনা, যাতে নিচের মানুষগুলোকে তুচ্ছ পিঁপড়ার মত দেখায়। বেশি নিচে নামতে চাইনা যাতে সবাই আমাকে পিঁপড়া ভেবে মাড়িয়ে দেয়। খুব ইচ্ছা আছে, একদিন নিজেকে মানুষ দাবী করবো।" - রায়হান রাহী (NSTU)
“An idiot admires complexity, a genius admires simplicity, a physicist tries to make it simple, for an idiot anything the more complicated it is the more he will admire it if you make something so clusterfucked he can't understand it he's gonna think you're a god cause you made it so complicated nobody can understand it. That's how they write journals in Academics, they try to make it so complicated people think you're a genius” ― Terry Davis
Anything can be a sword if you polish it enough. ~Shiota Nagisa (Anime: Assassination Classroom; Author: Yusei Matsui)
As you go through life, the might current of society is bound to get in your way and there will certainly be times when things don’t go as you’d hoped. -Koro-sensei (Anime: Assassination Classroom)
The world will always be filled with injustice. -Koro-sensei (Anime: Assassination Classroom)
"When the student is ready, the teacher will appear. When the student is truly ready, the teacher will disappear." - well-known proverb
